how many pixels is that though well
someone's going to have to do the math
on screen just like 1 billion pixels
I've got in front of me something called
the fusion doc Max one for my vany and
this is probably the most capable dock
that I've ever seen or had if this thing
comes crashing
down that is literally
$21,000 cracked that's so
crazy I mean
I guess it'll be counter weighted this
thing is capable of pumping Out video
from a MacBook to three 6K displays and
one 4K display from one single dock we
actually happen to have those monitors
here in the studio we'll just have to
pile them together and then of course LG
sent us one of their latest my view
smart monitors in order to make up that
final monitor
to add to this wild setup now the way
that this works is obviously via
Thunderbolt it is designed for Mac OS
and it is designed for up to a quad
monitor setup I think the best way to do
this is to do the three xdr displays 6K
* three along the bottom and then we'll
do the 4K display on the top it's going
to require a little bit of adjustment I
haven't used this particular Mount
before but it seems like it'll have the
reach all your peripherals keyboard
mouse you're going to get a built-in SD
card slot we've got gigabit Ethernet so
we can stay wired we've also got a
security slot so we can keep everything
locked down power delivery over the
Thunderbolt cable so we can deliver 96
watts of power and we've got optical
audio if we want to send digital audio
out to any of our uh external gear it
all mounts to the desk and then it's
height adjustable via this pole but it
will be a kind of trial and error situ
ation to figure out your Heights
this looks
roughly where I need to
be so that'll work but then we may run
out of space above I think we got to go
lower maybe
there I mean I don't think we can go any
lower I think that's it just like this
that's it so because these plates are so
easy to take on and off I guess if you
did want to adjust the height at a later
moment it wouldn't be that big of a
[Music]
deal how the how do you tighten that
piece if we have a Mac Mini M1 or M2
basically any of these laptops can go to
a single display that's that's not much
of a surprise dual display now we're
talking about MacBook Pro M1 M2 M3 Pro
or a Mac Mini with an M2 Pro and then
when we talk about quad displays we're
looking at MacBook Pros that are either
M1 M2 or M3 Max for the purpose of this
setup that we're going to build we're
going to go with an M3 Max yeah so this
has a tension piece on it to adjust your
angle and the amount of force required
to move that angle after you have it
mounted so you have to offset for
whatever type of weight you're dealing
with this is going to be interesting
this is going to be quite
interesting oh man well these are
precarious mounts hey can you imagine
putting $20,000 worth of
monitors on this Mount look at it it's
already bending that way
oh
[Music]
jeez oh my
God that's a lot of pixels right there
6K *
3 I'm always going to put the math right
here total number of pixels currently
and we're going to still add 4K to it
this is the LG my view smart Monitor and
what's cool about this is having this as
your fourth monitor it's a 4k monitor
this is the maximum output from the M3
Max MacBook Pro 36k 1 14k but what's
cool about this it has a remote control
it's a smart monitor so it behaves kind
of like a TV dive into the smart
interface and just like watch Netflix or
stream sports or whatever you want to do
just write on the monitor natively
the other cool thing about this monitor
is it's going to have speakers as
well
wow that's pretty cool
jeez and I like the double 32 like it's
just so symmetrical and I suppose you
could take the the upper one and put a
little more tilt on
it yeah like
that it's kind of tilting down oh yeah
that's
sick oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah I forgot it
also comes with a webcam a magnetically
attaching webcam they showed me this at
CES and it's got the Privacy shield on
it there's a magnetic connection point
on the back here lines up with this and
your camera just
fits on there and if you want it off for
whatever reason boom gone so it's like
double privacy comes with an HDMI cable
that's a bonus this is what I'm talking
about dedicated remote volume all your
smart TV controls dedicated buttons for
Netflix Disney plus Prime video they do
give you some cables to get up and
running and the most interesting one is
this one right here so this is a dual
Thunderbolt cable which will interface
with your MacBook Pro and the dock so
when you look at the dock here and you
see the laptop portion this dual cable
slots in like that so you're only having
one cable to attach I love the one cable
system to give you that bandwidth that
throughput that you're going to need to
pump all those pixels okay so everything
is plugged in it's kind of messy like
it's just proof of concept make sure
everything works I have a keyboard and
mouse
that have been connected and then we
have our special cable with the
Dual Thunderbolt connections to drive
all of these monitors so the top monitor
is HDMI into the ivank dock the others
are using those 6K Thunderbolt ports so
just let's just see how everything
reacts to being plugged in
[Music]
here allow accessory yes allow
oh okay so we definitely have the cinema
displays and then maybe this needs to be
powered
on and
then I'm going to just jump into system
settings and displays LG Smart UHD
arrange and I'll move that guy up there
Behold a lot of pixels a a very a very
very lot very lot of pixels most pixels
I've ever sat in front of
possibly 3 * 6K 1 *
4K wow to push this many pixels from a
laptop is impressive it is a
high-powered laptop but but it's still
impressive that laptop uses 96 WS of
power you're getting that full power
delivery from the dock so single cable
power and all of these pixels and it's
really like obviously we didn't manage
the cables yet but it's really not that
many when you look at it like this would
be fairly easy to manage we have a
single HDMI there's two Thunderbolts
here's the specialty cable going out to
the laptop and then power to the dock
the dock really enhances the convenience
of doing something like this can I have
the laptop monitor or do I lose the
other one when I open up the
laptop oh you can have you you can have
them
all you can have them all so jeez that's
even more pixels these tops are your
actual resolutions
616 by
3384 * 3 3840 by 2160 and then 3456 by
2234 plus plus plus
plus yeah that's
happening whoa whoa the viewing angles
on these xdr displays is great by the
way like I'm just realizing I can sit
here and even having these things on
this angle they look
great this is quite the
cockpit like curved monitors are cool
and all
that but they are nowhere near the
resolution that Mo's going to put on the
screen right now after he does the
calculation all right so we move this
setup a little bit and we're getting it
dialed in like you can see there's a
little bit of cable management going on
which is kind of key when you have have
this much Hardware our dock is doing the
heavy lifting right now spitting out all
of these pixels that's pretty wild and
our peripherals aren't wired right now
so we still have tons of potential IO
that we could use but we just have a
wireless keyboard and mouse for the time
being this Mount that I purchased we
just discovered an interesting thing
when you are dialing in your fit for
your variety of monitors you have this
crank in the center of the two middle
mounted displays that lets you slightly
raise or lower each in order to create a
flush multim monitor setup so in this
case we just spin this guy One Direction
or the other and it will travel either
up or down and currently this is going
up but I could technically bring this
down or tilt it more tilt it more like
this I mean I could do both tilt it and
bring it down
[Music]
yeah I don't see a need to have this
laptop anywhere near me because I have
so much screen real estate already I
just walk up plug in my
laptop step over
here wake it up
[Music]
I actually have some updates for the xdr
displays look at that so clean look at
all my desk space H the scaling is
different so they're now all running the
same scaled resolution see that so when
you when I pull or drag something
between the two it's the exact same size
even though obviously we have 6K and 4K
we were trying to figure out like what
the optimal kind of setup was would be
like where you would put your
YouTube where you would put your
Photoshop where you would put your final
cut if you would put social media
anywhere I mean it's versatile there's a
lot of different ways you could utilize
this you have your YouTube up there your
media up there you could be listening to
music up there you know some people like
to play like lowii just have it playing
up there doing your work down here it's
not one extra thing that the that the PC
or in this case the MacBook is doing
this could easily be Final Cut Pro it
could be photo shop if you were in Final
Cut the other thing you could do is you
could put your output monitor over here
so you just always got like a full
screen of what your edit is looking like
look to take advantage of this dock you
don't need to run this extreme use case
you could just have a bunch of
peripherals a wired keyboard or a Wired
Mouse that you prefer audio equipment
that can remain connected to the dock
and maybe only one monitor maybe two
monitors instead and they don't have to
be xdr displays this Mount is actually
pretty pretty affordable I think it was
like 150 bucks the main important thing
here is regardless of how you choose to
configure it when you're ready to go and
take your work with you all you've got
to do is just remove the one cable
that's it now I'm ready to go and part
of the reason that people dread having
the laptop as the desktop setup is the
plugging and unplugging of all the
things that are typically connected on a
desktop this is the easiest version
possible and because you have that dual
Thunderbolt cable you've got the
throughput that you need for highspeed
storage and tremendous resolutions of
video
[Music]